[Music]
hey there Marvel fans eagerly
anticipating the next Avengers movie
aren't you well while the plot with
Thanos is incredibly epic it's only
natural to dwell on what's coming next
to the MCU what are we gonna see after
the end credits
another threat and another villain even
more terrible than the mad Titan perhaps
I suggest we look at what the Marvel
Universe has to offer in this regard I
bet you won't be disappointed so who do
we start with I think with one of the
most controversial Marvel characters
Galactus you see while Thanos is driven
by his own moral albeit twisted code
Galactus will have none of this nonsense
he was a mortal man once but he
transformed into an almost all-powerful
entity in a cataclysm of a universal
scale Galactus is dubbed a world
devourer for her good reason he devours
entire planets to feed himself if you're
a fan of the MCU you must have seen his
presence in another movie Fantastic Four
rise of the Silver Surfer the Silver
Surfer is in fact his Herald and errand
boy of sorts he seeks out worlds for
Galactus to consume and prepares their
inhabitants for Destruction I know what
you might ask next wait if Galactus made
an appearance in another franchise
doesn't it mean he shouldn't be present
in an Avengers movie
well since the Fantastic Four franchise
has been relaunched you can't help but
think that Marvel would at least
consider making Galactus the next uber
villain in the Avengers universe to my
mind he makes perfect sense however so
does the next guy on my level
his name's Muffy stout if you're not an
avid fan of comics you might have missed
this character altogether but hey the
MCU introduces new villains all the time
so why not him but let's start with the
basics Mephisto is a seemingly immortal
demonic being that does all kinds of
evil stuff he's based on the notorious
mephistopheles from Goths Faust and
bears a great resemblance to that demon
if you remember Ghost Rider with Nicolas
Cage the one who turned Johnny Blaze
into a biker with a flaming skull was
none other than buffy Stowe however
that's only a tiny particle of his real
powers and those are immense he
possesses all kinds of magical skills
shape shifts and can even alter time
itself as a demon he acquires even
greater power when he's in his own realm
in the comics he's even battled it out
on par with Galactus could he be the
next Avengers ultimate foe as likely as
anyone if you ask me but let's not
forget about the villains that have
already made their appearance in the MCU
how about Dormammu for example although
Doctor Strange stalemated him in his
very own movie with the help of only a
single infinity gem Dormammu is still a
force to be reckoned with as you may
remember Doctor Strange didn't defeat
the mighty being he only made him leave
Earth alone using the power of the time
gem Dormammu is the ruler of the Dark
Dimension a realm of his own his
ambitions have always lain in the human
world however so he makes a great
supervillain to combat The Avengers to
top it off in the comic universe he
teamed up with Loki another recurrent
baddie to confuse yesu the Avengers so
if he becomes the one to confront the
team of superheroes after Thanos I
wouldn't be surprised at all will you
give me a thumbs up if you agree still
speaking about forces greater than
Thanos himself we should remember his
one real love yes no not the abstract
death that eventually comes after all
things mortal but death incarnate you
see in the
Marvel multiverse such notions as love
hate eternity and well death are all
personified and Thanos kind of worships
his ladylove yes it's a she it's not
really clear from the movie but in the
comic series the mad Titan does what he
does for the sake of death so should we
be surprised if there happens to be a
plot twist that includes this humanized
force of nature who knows maybe when the
Avengers finally deal with Thanos his
mistress will decide to avenge him
pun intended sorry this could raise the
stakes enough for the next grand battle
of the universe but what if we got to an
even higher level of power something so
incredibly mighty you can't even fathom
its hugeness that would be awesome in a
sense that even the Avengers and
guardians of the galaxy combined would
probably not be able to fight such a foe
without some extra help and that flow is
a praxis to get my meaning consider this
he's basically the embodiment of
destruction or if you prefer destruction
itself remember how I told you that
eternity is also a human-like being well
Abraxas has grown inside him he's the
natural counterpart of eternity which is
the creator of worlds and he seeks to
escape his parent and guardian once upon
a time he actually managed to do so why
do I say he's on a whole new level of
power at the very least because he
defeated Galactus like it was nothing
another universe is Galactus but
Galactus all the same and that's
something to ponder on if such a guy
decides to attack our poor earth or our
poor universe for that matter not even
the Avengers will have a chance against
him a terrifying prospect indeed there's
one more supervillain that holds a
grudge against earth
Annihilus an insectoid overlord of a
realm called the negative zone a
nihilist was originally angered by the
Fantastic Four in the comics series
after they escaped his wrath he seeks
nothing else but to destroy
earth although he can't go out of the
negative zone of his own will eventually
though he finds a way out and gathers an
enormous fleet of battleships to conquer
the whole universe see the rise of
ambition you bet
do you think a giant armada of insectoid
aliens is just what the next Avengers
movie needs share your opinion in the
comments now to the tastiest part of the
show all the guys I told you about
earlier are cool and all but they have
two drawbacks that make them less likely
candidates for super villains in the
upcoming Avengers movies first they have
rather dubious connections with the
current MCU state second they are no
match for the ones I'm going to tell you
about in a moment
so who are these powerful enemies of the
universe for one there are Celestials
these are cosmic entities whose origins
are not exactly known in the Marvel
Cinematic Universe we've seen one of
them in guardians of the galaxy vol 2
remember ego the Living Planet that's
him Celestials are the original Masters
of the infinity gems so it only makes
sense that one or two of them would
return to take the gauntlet from Thanos
if they managed to do so that would be
one huge twist you could only wonder
what a creature far more powerful than
Thanos without the gauntlet could do
with one still I somehow doubt that the
infinity gems assembled will take a
large part in the upcoming movies that
brings us to the last but not in anyway
least character to assume the role of
uber villain lord chaos if this name
doesn't ring a bell I don't blame you as
it hasn't yet appeared in any of the MCU
movies but I strongly believe that it
should you see when Thanos snapped his
fingers and destroyed half the universe
he basically crippled the natural course
of events and that couldn't have gone
unnoticed by the big guys in the Marvel
mythos those big guys are two brothers
Lord chaos and master order each
representing the quality their name
suggests when the scale is tipped by
Thanos his actions Lord chaos just might
become interested in taking over the
universe for himself and despite being a
cosmic entity with seemingly infinite
powers he still has a brother who will
always oppose him doesn't that make for
a cool collaboration if the Avengers
team up with master order to stop the
evil force of Lord chaos sounds like an
epic battle to me so there you go bright
siders I think I've covered most of the
possible villains to face the Avengers
in movie 5 do you have any suggestions
of your own share them in the comments
below don't forget to like this video if
you agree with my theory share with your
Marvel fan friends and hit the subscribe
button to always stay on the bright side
of life
you